Change readme to add analytics and mixtral (#204)
Superflows-AI/superflows: README.md

A user could ask their analytics assistant:
> Did the Google Ads campaign we ran last month have a positive ROI? How many conversions did it generate?

> Superflows will make API calls to answer these questions or complete tasks, and write code to analyse data and produce visualisations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Superflows will make API calls to answer these questions or complete tasks, and write code to analyse and plot data.
```

## Features

- [x] Calls API endpoints to complete tasks and answer questions for users

> - [x] Writes code to analyse data and product visualisations 📊

Reviewer: Smaller, simpler words are easier to read and understand quickly and with less effort
```suggestion
- [x] Writes code to analyse data and create plots 📊
```

- [x] Uses RAG (retrieval) to answer questions on static knowledge 📚
- [x] Developer dashboard to configure and test your AI assistant 🎛️
- [x] Stateful streaming API 🏞️
- [x] UI components (React components [here](https://github.com/Superflows-AI/chat-ui)) 🖥️
- [x] Upload API specifications for fast set up 💨
- [x] Asks for user confirmation before taking potentially damaging actions ✅ 
- [x] Track usage in dashboard 📊
- [x] Multi-LLM support (Finetuned GPT-3.5, GPT-4, Mixtral, Llama2...) 🌍
- [x] Collects user feedback on AI replies for fine-tuning 👍

> - [x] Self-hosting, including with fully open source model Mixtral 🏠

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] Self-hosting, including with fully open source model. **[Reach out](mailto:henry@superflows.ai?subject=Self-hosting+OS+Model:+Superflows&body=Hi+Henry%2C%0A%0AI+work+at+COMPANY+as+ROLE.%0A%0AWe%27d+specifically+like+to+use+the+Open+Source+model+because+REASON.%0A%0AAll+the+best%2C%0AYOUR+NAME+%3A%29) if interested.** 🏠
```
